Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

This letter is to express my interest in your posting on StackOverflow.com
for an  Senior Fullstack developer.   experienced Software Developer.
With four years of experience in software engineering and the last two in full-stack web development,
I am confident I will be an excellent fit for [XXXX]'s next Senior Software Engineer.
I have been involved in many different projects as you can see in my resume.

During the last year I was responsible to architect an Angular application for the World-Anti-Doping-Agency.

I enjoy being challenged and engaging with projects that require me to work outside my comfort
and knowledge set, as you can tell from my various experiences in research,
mechanical, electrical and software engineering. I am a fucking fast learner. 

Lors de ma formation en ingenierie, j'ai developpe une forte passion pour l'informatique.

En effet, bien qu'ayant poursuivi une formation graduee en genie mecanique,
je me suis rapidement passionne pour le developpement logiciel 

/////////

After receiving an invitation to apply from XXX via StackOverflow,
I did some research on your company and found out or was impressed that XXX is a modern and
dynamic company that enjoys taking on chalenges. Therefore, I would like to apply
as a Senior JavaScript developer.

My passion for programming started ten years ago, while I was studying mechanical engineering.
Since then, every work experience or project I undertook was related to software engineering.
Je suis constamment a la recherche de mameliorer dans le domaine et detre a la fine pointe 
des technologies. Mes etudes et mon experience en tant que professionel de recherche mont 
permis de developer des skills d apprentissage impressionants. 

As an example, during my work as a research fellow, I had the opportunity to architect the control system
for a new medical device. Within a year, I have been able to teach myself electronics and
embedded systems design and complete this task successfully, which led to the creation of a startup. This experience has proved
my capacity to learn quickly and to plan and prioritize tasks in order to  stay effective 
in an ever-changing environment.

Currently, I am a full-stack JavaScript developer at CGI, a Canadian web development consulting company.
I quickly distinguished myself with my ability to analyze and understand complex problems.
My ability to learn quickly gave me the responsiblity of architecting and scaffolding a complex Angular application
for the World-Anti-Doping-Agency. I am now considered an Angular expert at CGI and I
regularly coach Juniors on Javascript/Typescript and Angular.

I also ... react and react native
The JavaScript ecosystem is exciting and has an enthusiastic developer community.
A little more than two years ago I decided to completely dive into it
I am also part of the StackOverflow community, where I enjoy answering JavaScript related questions.
GoTurtle, renderer

With my capacity to quickly learn new skills, to deliver high quality work and 
on top of all, my infinite motivation for this field, I am convince 
that I would be an invaluable asset to your company. 

Thank you for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely, 

Jo_VA

Inolivent:
- Architecturer un systeme complexe
- Aprendre des skills rapidement (electronique)
- La valeur du travail d'equipe
- Documentation, rapport d'ingenierie
- Planification

CGI:
- Agile development
- Coach junior members on JavaScript/TypeScript/Angular
- Improve legacy code
- Angular expert for the company
- Architect complex Angular projects
- Implement Angular components
- Test REST api and front-end code
- Documentation
- Analyse